The Joe Rogan experience.
Have you got everything that you could catch over there? Dengue fever. Malaria?
Yeah. What black, how do you say this new things?
ITTO.
Soto STO and this is a.
Parasitic disease as well. It's like a,
I think it's in the fluke family or it's a, it's a, uh, it's a worm. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh, and then hopefully I don't have anything else besides that,
but this toxicity stuff, Cipro or Quin that could be messed with,
could you change your diet as well? Yeah. Yeah. My wife meal prep. You eat?
I eat mostly I eat meat, but I eat mostly vegetables. Like more of that.
Like the small portion is meat. Um, and it'll be chicken or fish,
um, or something lean a lot of nuts and a lot of thick,
um.
Leafy green vegetables. And have you found that that's helped you that's helped.
Me a lot. Yeah. That's helped me a lot. You juicing at all? Yep. Yeah.
Doing that, uh, juicing with the, uh, with the vitamin mix. Okay.
So you get away all the fiber.
In there as well? Yeah, the fiber. Wow. So that's been really good. And then,
and then I've been keeping of myself busy. If I can't go there,
we're really starting to expand our mission and vision here,
stateside mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
to bully prevention because Joe it's nuts right now,
the second leading cause of death. Um, so Butch,
um, is Raven's grandfather and he is an old bull rider. Um,
and Rayen lives with, with Butch and Claudia, his grandparents right now.
And they found him with in his forearm. He wrote,
I want to kill myself in Sharpie and he's 12 he's 12
Butch said the first time Rayen wanted to kill himself that he knew of when,
whenever Ray was nine years old.
So he is nine years old and already Sue his sidal. And Butch said, um,
that that just makes his heart wanna fall out of his chest. You know,
I'm his grandfather,
how does my 12 year old grandson not have enough to live for? And, um,
the leading second leading cause of death among kids from 10 to 14 is
suicide. If you're between ages of 10 to 14,
that's the second reason and bullying is the cause of most of that.
Most of it's from bullying cuz bullying is linked to the,
the increase in depression, addiction, isolation.
Do they think that the people who do it,
is it because they were bullied at one point in time or abused physically.
So they do think that, and the easy way to remember that is hurt people,
hurt people, right? <affirmative> right. Hurt people, hurt people,
whether that's an addict or a bully mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, but, uh,
here's a statistic from the CDC. It's funny.
The CDC found out that I had ding gay fever. Um,
and then also the CDC did the study on bullying and uh, the number three,
um, at risk of suicide is the bully. The person that acts out by being a,
um, number two, surprisingly is the victim.
They're the second highest risk. So then you think who's who's number one. Well,
number one is actually the one that does both.
They are bullied and then they act out by being a bully.
And so they're getting it on both ends, no problem, positive feelings.
At all. It's just all a storm of negativity and awfulness.
It's a huge storm. Now what can do.
For, for bully awareness, right? Like how can you, how can you prevent it?
Or how can we mitigate it? Yeah.
I think it's by promoting a culture of cultivating a culture, kind,
this, and I know that can sound a little Wimpy's no, I don't think so at all.
Yeah, but if you look at Rafael, uh Lavato Jr. He was bullied.
Um, because he didn't look like everybody else was dressed. Like everybody else,
George St. P so many guys, a lot of fighters are bullied. Yeah. Most,
most fighters I find were bullied. Yeah. Not being the bully. Right. Um,
and so I think to Cole cultivate a culture of kindness.
There's actually this school in Oklahoma, it's pretty awesome.
They're called Edmond Santa Fe. They selected us between a,
a 44 applicants. So we were up against like boys and girls club and make a wish,
these phenomenal organizations, uh, uh, special Olympics and some really,
really great, um, charities and nonprofits out there last year,
the school selected a foster home and they raised in a week,
this high school raised $234,000
a high school and their philanthropy week cuz they wanted to help these kids get
a new, um, like main center mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, among the foster homes.
So this year they selected us because they wanna get our bully prevention
program into public and private schools.
Now what is the prevention program? Like what, yeah.
So it's mostly character development with bully prevention inside of it.
So it's a 12 week program and it's 12 weekly lessons.
So we have it online. It's digital,
it's on our website fight for the forgotten.org.
And if you click hero in waiting, mm-hmm, <affirmative>, you'll find it.
That's our curriculum what's called is heroes in waiting.
And what that is is there's a digital curriculum where I teach the teacher or
instruct the instructor, how to instruct the lesson that week.
But then there's a video for the parents and for the students, um,
that's the weekly hero challenge.
And so they get a weekly lesson or at chat discussion and then they get a weekly
challenge,
which the challenge will be something like recognized when you're being a
bystander or my favorite is probably go out your
mission this week is that your hero challenge is to go out and complete a secret
random act of kindness. So the rules are, you have to be safe,
you have to be smart,
but have to be completely anonymous and you have to go out and make someone feel
great. And so journal or report back to us, you know,
what did you do? How'd that make them feel how'd that make you feel?
How can you build onto this for next week? Um,
and you go out and you complete these missions because I think first you have to
educate the kids
that they are part of the solution and part of the problem.
They just have to pick where they, where they're gonna be. Because, um,
in bullying, if you stand by and you watch, if you laugh, giggle,
like in that video, mm-hmm, <affirmative>, there's 12, 12 kids in the bathroom,
four or five are filming it. You filming it is encouraging it,
you standing by and not doing anything.
You're actually not a innocent bystander.
You're a silent supporter because you're standing there and you're not doing
anything. They're.
Actually trying to pass laws about kids in schools, filming other kids,
getting beat up and making them somehow like part of it,
a part of it, an accomplice or some way shape or form. Cause.
You are, you're at least an encourager. Yeah.
And then if you stand by and watch, you are an accomplice,
you're not doing anything. It, you didn't choose it.
It shows you what happened to those.
Kids in the video that were doing those things to raid they're.
Beating. So they're minors. So I can't really talk about what's happened,
but um,
the school has taken appropriate or at least in their eyes appropriate and swift
action. Um,
the parents are thankful to the school and the school district for them taking
this, um, serious. Uh, I know that the,
the family has felt this has been going on since he was nine, at least. Um,
and now he's 12. So three years in the,
I say the only reason now something's being done is cuz it was filmed because
it's on video and it went viral. Um, but there's been some fun stuff.
If we can pull up some of those random pictures, I'll.
Show you. There's another one recently where Dylan, Dan, Dylan,
Dan got Jisu lessons. You pay for Jisu lessons for this young boy.
Who's also beat up in the bathroom and there's a film of that as well. Yeah.
You.
Know what I'm talking about? Yeah. And Dylan, uh,
posted this video too and it got over 10 million views. Yeah. Um,
which was awesome.
And Rafael now is actually going to scholarship Rayen
and his brother Brock with jujitsu lessons. Oh, that's amazing.
So they're gonna start doing martial arts training after Raven's done with his
hyperbarics and his concussion is settled down.
He's gonna come into the mats and be part of the kids program,
the little warriors for, uh, for Rafael's school,
which are the best youth program in the state. That's awesome.
Yeah.
That's awesome. Is there a way to pull up some of those pictures of,
of Rayen um, and this is kind of cool.
I'm gonna give you this because uh,
Rafael really likes this and it's some 10th planet guys. Um,
there's Raiden after, uh, after a, uh, uh,
actually a press conference, all the news wanted to like post pictures of him,
um, or they wanted to get exclusives.
And so his parents were being chased all around town.
People are literally posting their home address online, docking them,
but docking the bullies mainly saying here's the 12 year old girl's address
and go, go find her. Um, you can go through a couple more of those pictures.
Uh there's some pretty cool ones where, um, eating Chick-fil-A yeah,
he likes Chick-fil-A a lot. <laugh> his dad says he is a chicken eating full.
Um, but there's at a football game that Edmond Santa Fe they've uh,
surrounded him with a lot of love. That's awesome. Um, and then it's been cool.
Like, um, Emily, my wife has said, oh, here here's.
If we can have volume on this, this is pretty cool.
When we're making you a video, I am introducing Raden to what.
Hummus.
He asked me what hummus is. So we.
Got him some, some carrots and hummus. The chips are for me that you packed us.
And uh, all right, my man try carrots and hummus
that actually really good. <laugh> really good. Yeah.